samples: lwm2m_client: Enable Proprietary PSM mode. (#12504)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`lwm2m_client` sample:

  * Added:

>     * Including a overlay for using DTLS Connection Identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * An overlay for using DTLS Connection Identifier.
```

      This significantly reduces the DTLS handshake overhead when doing the LwM2M Update operation.

      * An overlay for using DTLS Connection Identifier.

>       This significantly reduces the DTLS handshake overhead when doing the LwM2M Update operation.

Reviewer: These are already above, right? You can remove these two lines.

>       * Support for Hosting MCUmgr client for external MCU.
>       Including a new overlay file for enabling this and devicetree overlay files for UART2 and MCUboot recovery mode.
>     * Including a overlay for enabling proprietary Power Saving Mode (PSM).
>       This will fix a case when battery operated device join network which not support PSM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Support for Hosting MCUmgr client for external MCU.
      Including a new overlay file for enabling this and devicetree overlay files for UART2 and MCUboot recovery mode.
    * An overlay for enabling proprietary Power Saving Mode (PSM).
      This will fix a case where a battery-operated device joins a network that does not support PSM.
```

  * Updated the sample to use tickless operating mode from Zephyr's LwM2M engine, which does not cause device wake-up in 500 ms interval anymore.

>     This allows the device to achieve 2 uA of current usage while in PSM sleep mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This allows the device to achieve two µA of current usage while in PSM sleep mode.
```

>     Proprietary PSM requirements of modem firmware v2.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This fulfills the proprietary PSM requirements of modem firmware v2.0.0.
```
